{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21860\viewh12860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 In such a competitive world, it is not that easy to always keep up. In an environment full of constant changes, adaptation is key. No matter your origins, you need to embrace changes. \
\
Yes, your background may include an excellent school and a few languages; but factors such as leadership, sense of responsibility, empathy, and perseverance are the ones that either you have or you don\'92t. As a lead operator, my team was of 12. After 7 years in that position, I gained experience not only in the production field but as a manager as well. I learned how to deal with 12 personalities. No matter the situation, the production needed to be achieved. This is how I learned how to work under pressure. Getting a taste of a managerial position is what made pursue a master\'92s degree on Administrative Sciences. I achieved this in 2010 at Fairleigh Dickinson University. After graduation, I decided to open and run an online store. It was time for me to try something new. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In my early years in Peru I started pursuing a college degree in Software Engineering. External factors brought me to the United States and this is where I decided to stay. my true passion has always been Mathematics and solving problems. I enjoy challenges. My dream job would include a smart and fun team of all ages and different backgrounds. I would like to have the opportunity to both learn and coach others. I like to be surrounded by those that are open minded, willing to accept recognition but also constructive criticism. My previous leading role taught me how to coach and motivate my team. As a role model, I had to be an example. I had to have the empathy but also the emotional strength to say things. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I am one who can easily adapt. I can work with the loudest music and also in complete silence. Personally, I like to be surrounded by noise, it makes me feel alive. Still, no matter my task and regardless of any external factor, I will complete it. Having run my own business for the last 6 years, I have not been faced with tight schedules. My ideal working conditions include flex time. In other words, give me a project, and I will make sure it is completed on time. If I need to work on a weekend, I will do it; if I need to stay late, I will do it. I would not like to stick to certain hours. \
\
I still have a very long road in the programming world. In fact, this is a never-ending road. I would love to start with a $55k to $ 65k. It is hard to place a monetary value to creativity and ingenuity. I believe it should be fairly compensated. In my first years as a programmer/developer, I would prefer to be evaluated upon my individual performance, because I can have that personalized coaching and action plan that focuses on my own skills and potential, but once I become part of a bigger project, I would like to be evaluated upon my team performance. I would like to work in the Metro NY/NJ area. I have a young son so at this point, relocation would not be an option for me. \
\
The reason I enrolled in this programming adventure is because I want to learn the tools to be able to contribute. I want to prove myself that I can do it. I want to become part of something big. I truly believe you are the master of your destiny and I have decided to finish something I left incomplete while in Peru. \
\
}